#Initial Prompt

I want to create a productivity app called "ProductiBEEty" directed towards students. ProductiBEEty is a friendly and simple app designed to help high school and college students combat procrastination by prioritizing urgent assignments. The accent color of this app is #FEB800. Other colors include: #FFE187, #000, #8B8B8B, #D9D9D9, #FFF. You can convert these colors to whatever format is best to use.  Use the "Quicksand" typeface for all of the text. Class name font size: 12, assignment text size: 10, day text size: 15, month text size: 18.

Use the "Home_Page-Day_View.jpg" as a reference. I would like the main screen to be a day view of the assignments in which students have their classes vertically listed on the y-axis of the grid and the name of the day and date on the x-axis. The month should be displayed on top, outside of the grid. The student should be able to swipe from the left or right to go to the next day and see their assignments for each respective day. Also, add a plus button where the student can add an assignment to a respective date and class. I would prefer if the grid color were #D9D9D9. Urgent assignements should be in the accent color, other assignemnts should have a gray stroke around them (same gray as the grid but with a thicker stroke). The background of the app should be white and the grid should fill up the whole screen. Fill in the information with random classes and assignemnts. Each assignment should take up one line and have a little bit of padding so that it is not touching the grid. There can be multiple assignments in one day from one class (so multiple assignments in one cell). Once they click on an assignement they want to focus on, it will take them to that assignment's page with information and they can choose their focus time, break time, and how many times that should repeat. Let the timer options be placed vertically under the assignment information. Make sure the timers work individually and repeat as many times as the user picked. Then, they can click on a button so they can focus and the timer can start on another cute bee screen "Focus_Screen-01.jpg". Make sure the canvas builds. Let me know if you have any questions.
